## Every India

> What is microservices?

> Draw Scheduler class diagram.

> Why REST? not SOAP

## Wipro Digital

> Implement spring REST for given schenario. Ex: Login flow

> How to search a word in a larg file?

> Hibernate OneToOne implementation.

> Immutable object

> Context close event

## Centina System

> What is JRE and JDK?

> JVM belongs to which part?

> Comparator and Comparable

> Why we should use Interface(A specific reason)? Difference between Interface and Abstraction.

> How to communicate two JVM?

> How many JVM can run in a singale machine?

> How many ways can create a Object?

> HashMap internal implementation.

> Dynamic dispather

> cohation

## HP

> Conceptual qustions on Inheritance

> How to call method of grand parent class from child class

> Illegal state exception in Junit

## Wells Fargo

> Spring transactions

> How to make collection unmodifable?

> Scenario base qustion on hibernate : One persion is withrading money from ATM, At that point Bank Manager cheking persions AC balance. So how to handale this scenario to show correct amount.

> What is clouser in javascript?

> What is threapool?

> How to modify the enviorment from java 1.7 to 1.8? What are the changes required?

> Why Executor service? advantages over Thread.

> If we return same hashcode(ex 1) and try to add the object into TreeSet what will happen?

> difference between Application server and web server?

> Class loader

> How to fetch given positions value from LinkList(reversely) 

> How to create cusom key in HashMap

## Sapient

> What is countdownlatch and cyclicbarrier?

> How to communicate two thread?

> why List Map Set are not serializable?

> Advantages of RedBlackTree over HashTable

> Double locking synchoniztion

> How to handale List in immutable object?

> JDBC Lock

> Thread Lock

## GE

> How to design your CRM project?

> Problem solving: Ship is standing one bolder is there between ship and land. Every time when ship is moving bolder is also moving. So how much distance cover by the bolder. You have one monitor to major the dispatch. How to design this?

> How to implement Producer Consumer problem?

> Write a TrippleTon class.

> what is unique in a Object? hashcode
'
> Factory pattern

> What is abstract factory pattern?

> Regular Expression

> HOw to call a method of a class using reflaction

## Nokia

> How to apply MD5 Hashing on huge no of data in a file?

> How to do Authorization?

> Dictionary in python

## FIS

> Clonable Interface

> Serializable advantages and disadvantages

> How to communicate two JVM?

> can we pass session value through methods?

> Hashcode implemetation

> How to upload image in database and validate during upload whether it is exist or not

> SQL injection? Why we should use prepared statement?

> Why REST over SOAP. Benifits of REST

## Nagaro

> Prime no

> Que implemanation for all types of data

> Thread safe singelton class

> What is LinkedHashSet?

> What is Threadpool

> How to decide how many thread should create for Executor service

> Why BlockingQue used in producer consumer

> Create a interface and Autoware it. What will happen?

> Spring transactions

> Docker basics

> Hashcode value always return -1. We are adding object into HashSet what will be the result?

> Itarate over list and add a value what will happen?

> Itarate over ConcurrentHashMap and add what will happen?

> What is session factory? How many types of caching?

> ManyToMany relations scenario

> Print Odd Even using two thread

> SQL query : Print List of Employee name and there id in a table

> String s = "abc" and String s = new String("abc"); how many object and refarence will create?





